README.md, before:

# Dual-signal Transformation LSTM Network

+ This repository provides the **pytorch**, **onnx**, **ncnn** code example

+ official repo:  https://github.com/breizhn/DTLN
---



### 0. prequisites

- pytorch >= 1.11.0
- librosa

### 1. pytorch demo

```
python DTLN_model.py  --model_path ./pretrained/model.pth  \
   --wav_in ./samples/audioset_realrec_airconditioner_2TE3LoA2OUQ.wav \
   --wav_out ./out.wav
```

realtime (truck by truck, avg 2ms in pytorch with cpu):

```
python realtime_infer.py  --model_path ./pretrained/model.pth  \
   --wav_in ./samples/audioset_realrec_airconditioner_2TE3LoA2OUQ.wav \
   --wav_out ./out.wav
```

src wav：[./samples/audioset_realrec_airconditioner_2TE3LoA2OUQ.wav](./samples/)

![](./samples/in.png)


after enhanced: [./samples/enahnced.wav](./samples/)

![](./samples/out.png)

### 2. onnx demo
realtime (truck by truck, < 1ms in onnxruntime with cpu):

```
python realtime_onnx.py --wav_in ./samples/audioset_realrec_airconditioner_2TE3LoA2OUQ.wav \
   --wav_out ./out.wav
```


### 3. c++ deploy
see deploy/


### Citing

If you are using the DTLN model, please cite:

```BibTex
@inproceedings{Westhausen2020,
  author={Nils L. Westhausen and Bernd T. Meyer},
  title={{Dual-Signal Transformation LSTM Network for Real-Time Noise Suppression}},
  year=2020,
  booktitle={Proc. Interspeech 2020},
  pages={2477--2481},
  doi={10.21437/Interspeech.2020-2631},
  url={http://dx.doi.org/10.21437/Interspeech.2020-2631}
}
```

Commit message:

add script converted from TF

README.md, after:

# Dual-signal Transformation LSTM Network

+ This repository provides the **pytorch**, **onnx**, **ncnn** code example

+ official repo:  https://github.com/breizhn/DTLN
---



### 0. prequisites

- pytorch >= 1.11.0
- librosa

### 1. pytorch demo

```
python DTLN_model.py  --model_path ./pretrained/model.pth  \
   --wav_in ./samples/audioset_realrec_airconditioner_2TE3LoA2OUQ.wav \
   --wav_out ./out.wav
```
(./pretrained/model.pth is converted using cvt_from_keras.py) <br/>

realtime (truck by truck, avg 2ms in pytorch with cpu):

```
python realtime_infer.py  --model_path ./pretrained/model.pth  \
   --wav_in ./samples/audioset_realrec_airconditioner_2TE3LoA2OUQ.wav \
   --wav_out ./out.wav
```

src wav：[./samples/audioset_realrec_airconditioner_2TE3LoA2OUQ.wav](./samples/)

![](./samples/in.png)


after enhanced: [./samples/enahnced.wav](./samples/)

![](./samples/out.png)

### 2. onnx demo
realtime (truck by truck, < 1ms in onnxruntime with cpu):

```
python realtime_onnx.py --wav_in ./samples/audioset_realrec_airconditioner_2TE3LoA2OUQ.wav \
   --wav_out ./out.wav
```


### 3. c++ deploy
see deploy/


### Citing

If you are using the DTLN model, please cite:

```BibTex
@inproceedings{Westhausen2020,
  author={Nils L. Westhausen and Bernd T. Meyer},
  title={{Dual-Signal Transformation LSTM Network for Real-Time Noise Suppression}},
  year=2020,
  booktitle={Proc. Interspeech 2020},
  pages={2477--2481},
  doi={10.21437/Interspeech.2020-2631},
  url={http://dx.doi.org/10.21437/Interspeech.2020-2631}
}
```
